remove custom helper from findComponent() example (#13)
pixielabs/cavy-app: docs/api/helpers.md

```js
export default function(spec) {
  spec.describe('Navigating to an employee information page', function() {

>     spec.it("shows the employee's phone number", async function() {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    spec.it('shows the employee's phone number', async function() {
```

      await spec.press('EmployeeImage.AmyTaylor');
      const link = await spec.findComponent('Employee.InfoLink');

>       link.props.onClick()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      link.props.onClick();
```
